README.md, before:

# CSS Text

This library makes it easy for you to convert HTML and CSS content into `RichText` widgets. It supports most CSS properties that are relevant to text content, except those related to text alignment.

Here's some sample HTML content with inline CSS styles:

```html
<body>
<p style="font-size:2.5em;color:darkseagreen">This is a test</p>
<p style="font-size:1.8em;color:#ff3311">So is this</p>
<p style="font-size:45px;background:#3311ff;color:yellow">And this!</p>
<br/>
<br/>
<p style="font-size:1.5em">
Hello <b style="font-style:italic;color:#bb0000;background:#eeff00">World</b>!!
<br/>
How are you <span style="font-family:RobotoBlack;color:#ff0000;">today?</span>
<br/>
<b>But</b> why are you doing <a href="https://google.com">this?</a><br/>
<br/>
<span style="text-decoration: underline wavy; font-size:2em">Can you tell <del>me</del>?</span>
<br/>
Multiple <span style="font-weight:100">font</span> 
<span style="font-weight:600">weights</span><br/><br/>
Please visit <a style="font-weight:bold;" href="https://docs.flutter.io">Flutter docs</a>
<br/>
<br/>
<span style="color:#990000ff;background:#4400ff00">
This text is slightly transparent, and has a slightly transparent background too.
</span>
</p>
</body>
```

This library can automatically convert all the HTML content above into a `TextSpan` object or a `RichText` widget. Here's what the rendered HTML will look like:

![](sample.png)

## Getting Started

Using `css_text` is extremely easy. First import the library in your Dart code:

```
import 'package:css_text/css_text.dart';
```

You can then create `RichText` widget from any HTML content by calling the `HTML.toTextSpan()` method.

```
String htmlContent = """
<p style="font-size:1.5em;color:#99ff0011">Hello <b>World</b>
""";

var myRichText = RichText(text: HTML.toTextSpan(context, htmlContent));
```

As a shortcut, you can also use the `HTML.toRichText()` method.

```
myRichText = HTML.toRichText(context, htmlContent);
```

## Handling Links

Your HTML content can have links. To handle them, you must use the `linksCallback` optional parameter.

```
String htmlContent = """<span style="font-size:2em">
Please click <a href="https://pub.dartlang.org">here</a> or 
<a href="https://old.reddit.com">here</a>.<br/>
<br/>
Go ahead! Try it.
</span>""";

var myRichText = HTML.toRichText(context, htmlContent, linksCallback: (link) {
    // You can now use the url_launcher library to open the link.
    // Or you can handle the link in your app itself. This gives you
    // complete control over your links.
    // For now, let's just print it
    print(link);
});
```

Commit message:

docs: update README.md and CHANGELOG.md

README.md, after:

# CSS Text

This library makes it easy for you to convert HTML and CSS content into `RichText` widgets. It supports most CSS properties that are relevant to text content, except those related to text alignment.
Created by: Ashraff Hathibelagal
Updated by: Sebastian Larrauri 
See changelog.md for changes. 

Here's some sample HTML content with inline CSS styles:

```html
<body>
<p style="font-size:2.5em;color:darkseagreen">This is a test</p>
<p style="font-size:1.8em;color:#ff3311">So is this</p>
<p style="font-size:45px;background:#3311ff;color:yellow">And this!</p>
<br/>
<br/>
<p style="font-size:1.5em">
Hello <b style="font-style:italic;color:#bb0000;background:#eeff00">World</b>!!
<br/>
How are you <span style="font-family:RobotoBlack;color:#ff0000;">today?</span>
<br/>
<b>But</b> why are you doing <a href="https://google.com">this?</a><br/>
<br/>
<span style="text-decoration: underline wavy; font-size:2em">Can you tell <del>me</del>?</span>
<br/>
Multiple <span style="font-weight:100">font</span> 
<span style="font-weight:600">weights</span><br/><br/>
Please visit <a style="font-weight:bold;" href="https://docs.flutter.io">Flutter docs</a>
<br/>
<br/>
<span style="color:#990000ff;background:#4400ff00">
This text is slightly transparent, and has a slightly transparent background too.
</span>
</p>
</body>
```

This library can automatically convert all the HTML content above into a `TextSpan` object or a `RichText` widget. Here's what the rendered HTML will look like:

![](sample.png)

## Getting Started

Using `css_text` is extremely easy. First import the library in your Dart code:

```
import 'package:css_text/css_text.dart';
```

You can then create `RichText` widget from any HTML content by calling the `HTML.toTextSpan()` method.

```
String htmlContent = """
<p style="font-size:1.5em;color:#99ff0011">Hello <b>World</b>
""";

var myRichText = RichText(text: HTML.toTextSpan(context, htmlContent));
```

As a shortcut, you can also use the `HTML.toRichText()` method.

```
myRichText = HTML.toRichText(context, htmlContent);
```

## Handling Links

Your HTML content can have links. To handle them, you must use the `linksCallback` optional parameter.

```
String htmlContent = """<span style="font-size:2em">
Please click <a href="https://pub.dartlang.org">here</a> or 
<a href="https://old.reddit.com">here</a>.<br/>
<br/>
Go ahead! Try it.
</span>""";

var myRichText = HTML.toRichText(context, htmlContent, linksCallback: (link) {
    // You can now use the url_launcher library to open the link.
    // Or you can handle the link in your app itself. This gives you
    // complete control over your links.
    // For now, let's just print it
    print(link);
});
```
